Among all schools, the average reading score was consistently higher than the average math score, 
which correlates to the percentage of students who passed math and those that passed reading respectively. 
The percentage of students who passed both was lower than that of each individual subject, suggesting that 
success in one subject does not guarantee success in the other, but rather students may favor/excel in either 
math or reading.

Cabrera, Thomas, and Griffin High Schools were the three highest-performing schools according to the percentage 
of students that passed both math and reading, while Rodriguez, Figueroa, and Huang High Schools were the lowest. 
The top 5 highest-performing schools and bottom 5 lowest-performing schools were all Charter and all District 
schools, respectively. 

Math and reading scores were fairly consistent across the 4 grades for all schools, often only varying by 1 point. 
This indicates consistency in the curriculum change from grade to grade. There wasn’t one grade’s standardized test 
that significantly brought down a school’s scores, so any changes that might need to be made to the tests themselves 
would need to be applied to all tests across each grade.

Smaller schools typically have better scores/percentage of students passing in both subjects than larger schools. 
Small and medium schools have similar success rates though, with a fairly big drop off from medium to large schools 
in most categories. This could be because of the larger range of students in which a school is considered large 
(2000-5000) versus medium (1000-2000) and small (<1000). This could indicate a threshold in which, once passed, the 
number of students starts to affect their level of education, most likely due to a lack of resources needed to 
accommodate that many students.

Charter schools have consistently and significantly better stats than district schools, with the percentage of 
students who passed both subjects in charter schools being nearly twice that of district schools. As charter schools 
operate autonomously, they have the opportunity to tailor their curriculum in a way district schools can’t, which in 
this case seems to be an advantage.
